Hey Chen Hao, something happened.
Your mother is going to be taken away
Should he call the police?
It's not that you're here for me
Don't go around killing people.
Otherwise he will hurt me
Miss Wu first
I'll tell you later, okay, hurry up.
Hello, I'm Scar
I want you to fly up the real estate this afternoon.
Otherwise, give your dad a gesture
Nonsense
Do you know where the abandoned buildings in the suburbs are?
I know. Take me
Master Lin, everything is ready
As soon as Chen Hao appears
Immediately crippled his limbs
I'm going to make him a cripple.
Life is better than death, don't worry.
I do it myself
Definitely done
Long time no see, boss scar
Myna, can we teach this old shit a lesson?